1. How did you hear about us?

    While touring the campus, I saw this club and wanted to know more about what was going on. Later on in the tour the guide pointed out this club and let me know what it was about and I was immediately interested. Since hearing about the I have been wanting to join and it became a major factor in me choosing Cal Poly SLO as my university.

2. Cal Poly has lots of exciting opportunities to apply the skills you learn in your classes. What appeals to 
you about joining our lab?
 
    The most appealing part of this club is that we are working on a project as a team and actually making production hardware that will be sent to space and must meet mission objectives. I absolutely see the value in being able to do fun personal/group projects that don't necessarily lead anywhere. I have done many projects like these over the years trying to make cool things that interest me. But I am looking for an opportunity to work with clients and peers to develop a fully functioning hardware and software that will meet specifications. I am looking for a challenge and I think this club will provide that.
 
3. Tell us about something that you are passionate about related to your major or engineering.  
 
    I am really passionate about 3D printing and network security. I first got into 3D printing when I was in middle school with my 6th grade teacher. I thought it was so cool that i could design a product and then have it in my hands that next day. I started in Sketch Up and still use that software to this day for designing sets for companies and construction but I have switched completely over to Fusion 360 for modeling and other product CAD workflows. I am now printing a couple times a week using my Carbon X1C where I am able to rapidly prototype projects and ideas. As for network security, I have taken a serious approach to how I interact with the internet and what devices I use. I have a philosophy that if all the big cooperations decided to stop providing services to me, i would be able to continue with all the tasks i need to do on hardware and software that I control.

4. Tell us about something that you are passionate about unrelated to your major or engineering.  

    I am really passionate about film and video, I own a small business where I produce live video streams or recorded content. I have had the chance to work with larger companies and organizations to realizes streaming and video dreams. I have been able to work with companies like Costco, Hoka, and the Western States Endurance Run. I love expressing my creativity though film and video and I am always looking for new ways to do that. Ranging from mini documentaries to live streams, I love it all. I love having a premeditated film that i have been working hard on for weeks to prefect every cut but I also love the adrenaline of live streaming which requires mastery of the equipment and incredibly quick thinking and problem solving. I express my creativity though film in all of these ways. 


5. Talk about a time where you have taken initiative or additional responsibility in a group setting. 

    I was working for a production company that serves Bayside Church in Scramento CA and one of out team members dropped the ball in a serious way and decided he did not want to work on his project. With the goal being an 13 minuet animated interaction for light show debuting that weekend and running for 3 weeks. I took it upon myself to take over the project and get it done. I worked for 100 hours during my finals week and was able to get the project done and ready for the service as well as perform well on my finals. I took the initiative and got the project done on time and to the quality that was expected.


6. Talk about something that you are proud of and explain why you are proud of it. 

    Working in production, I am really proud the WSER Live Stream that I have had an integral part in over the past couple years. Starting pre covid, I worked with a small team of 4 people to trial a live stream where we would stream a race that on the surface was not able to be streamed. With 90% of the course being in remote parts of the Sierra Nevada mountains, maintaining a strong connection with live cameras is a massive challenge. Since 2019 I have been able to build a team with our producer of over 30 people and manage the technology that we use to stream. This include research, outreach with companies, testing, validating, and troubleshooting. I remember when i first saw the stream starting and i had finished a large portion of my duties, i felt such a sense of pride as i saw all of my hard work paying off with over 500,000 viewers. 